[Dexter panting]
["Passenger" by Iggy Pop playing]
♪ I am a passenger ♪
♪ And I ride. and I ride ♪
♪ I ride through the city's backsides ♪
♪ I see the stars come out of the sky ♪
♪ Yeah. they're bright in a hollow sky ♪
♪ You know it looks so good tonight ♪
[panting continues]
♪ I am the passenger ♪
♪ I look through my window so bright ♪
♪ I see the stars come out tonight ♪
♪ I see the bright and hollow sky ♪
♪ Over the city's ripped-back sky ♪
♪ And everything looks good tonight ♪
[panting continues]
♪ Singin' la-la. la-la. la-la-la-la ♪
♪ La-la. la-la. la-la-la-la ♪
[doors creak]
[grunts]
[chickens clucking]
[pig snorting]
Oh. wanna dance? Wanna dance?
[Dexter breathing heavily]
[exhales]
[chains jingling]
[floorboard creaks]
[woman] It's on the floor.
Are you ready for tonight?
[sniffles]
Great.
If you say so.
It's real cold today.
- You're the one that picked this place.
- [scoffs]
[slurps]
♪ dramatic music playing ♪
♪ dramatic music continues ♪
[cracking noises]
♪ Home isn't my way ♪
♪ Home I'll never be ♪
♪ Burn out the day ♪
♪ Burn out the night ♪
[siren wailing]
♪ I'm livin' for givin' the devil
his due ♪
♪ And I'm burnin'. I'm burnin' ♪
♪ I'm burnin' for you... ♪
♪ I'm burnin'. I'm burnin'. I'm burnin' ♪
- [handbrake clicks]
- [music stops]
[sighs]
License and registration. please.
Sure.
- There you go.
- Thank you.
James Lindsay. huh?
Jim.
Is there a problem. officer?
I'm gonna need you
to step out of the vehicle. sir.
Okay.
[Dexter clears throat]
Turn around.
Hands on the truck. [sniffles]
[both chuckle]
[moans]
You have the right to remain silent.
[chuckles] I can make noise
if I want to though. right?
[officer laughs. moaning]
[radio crackles]
[woman on radio]
Chief Bishop. Chief Bishop. come in.
Oh. what the fuck. Keep going.
- Okay.
- Let them find someone else.
- Chief Bishop?
- [static crackling]
[clicks tongue] Angela.
Mrs. Gross' sheep got loose
on the Steiner property.
- They're eating his winter plantings.
- Oh. fuck.
- [static crackles]
- [Dexter laughs]
[panting] I'm in the middle
of something. Uh...
[stammers]...can Logan take care of it?
Logan's at the church.
The pecan pies were stolen
from the potluck supper.
Obviously can't pull him off that.
Uh-huh. [chuckles]
Obviously. Um. what about Teddy?
[Angela] It's week two. do you think
he can handle a sheep crisis?
Teddy's out of commission.
He just got his wisdom teeth pulled.
- [Dexter chuckles]
- [woman] Should I let Mr. Steiner know
you're en route?
Sure. Esther.
This is me en route.
It's okay. You can pull me
over again some other time.
I'm sorry.
You can swing by the station later.
Okay. sure thing.
["King of a One Horse Town"
by Dan Auerbach playing]
♪ Every day is just a little white lie ♪
♪ Telling myself I'm gettin' by ♪
♪ I just stay in this room and cry ♪
♪ The snow. it covers up the ground ♪
♪ And I can't hear a single sound ♪
♪ I'd turn off the TV. go for a drive ♪
♪ But I can't see
there's any signs of life ♪
♪ Except this Christmas tree
with blinking lights... ♪
[man 1] Hey. Jimmy!
Morning. You coming line dancing tonight?
Yeah. I wouldn't miss it. Pastor Brian.
Hey. I'm sorry about those pies.
Now how could you possibly know
about that already?
- Uh. small town.
- Thank the Good Lord.
♪ Scared if I jump in the ocean
I might drown... ♪
- Morning. Zach.
- Morning. Mr. Lindsay.
- Becca. Scott.
- Hi. Mr. Lindsay.
Hey. Mr. Lindsay.
[Zach] Hey. you coming
to the match next week?
I'm sure gonna try.
Go Hawks.
'Sup. Jimbo?
How are you and Angela doing?
- Doing all right?
- Yeah. as far as I know.
Why? What have you heard?
Only good things. Jim.
Only good things.
- [laughs]
- [helicopter whirring]
[man 2] Edward Olsen
heading up to his chalet.
Rich asshole season begins... now.
Yep.
[blade thwacking]
♪ suspenseful music playing ♪
[man 3 grunting]
[man 3 breathing heavily]
♪ music intensifies ♪
- [Dexter] Hey. Gig.
- You got my stuff.
There you go.
You're a lifesaver. Jimmy.
[door creaks]
[exhales]
♪ gentle music playing ♪
[entry bell jingles]
[exhales]
[man 4] Please tell me you have
a strawberry cream cheese
sweet roll in there?
The boss speaketh
and so it shall be done...
- ...eth.
- [chuckles]
I don't know what I would do
without you. Jim.
- Well...
- Mm!
Oh. it's so good.
Just so you know. it's gonna be
a stress-y kind of week.
Brian and I are adopting.
It's so much pressure.
Wow. Yeah. I can only imagine.
Brian wants to call him Garfield.
I mean. who names a dog after a cat?
[chuckles] Evidently Brian does.
I think this pup looks
more like a Gromit. don't you?
On this one.
I think I'm basically Switzerland.
Smart man. [chuckles]
[sighs]
[inhales sharply] And here we go.
Just the guy I wanna see.
- [man 5] Jim.
- How can I help you?
Oh. I just rolled into town with my posse.
Gonna do a little hunting.
Gonna need a new knife and a big-ass gun.
All right. you looking
for a skinning knife.
- or a...
- Oh. this one.
- This one's perfect.
- Okay.
[man 5] Wow.
- [grunting]
- Hey! Easy there!
[laughs] Is there a problem?
I kinda have a thing about blood.
- Oh. Ooh. [chuckles]
- [scoffs]
Anyway. uh. how about that rifle?
The Remington 783 will do the job.
It's got a good scope. solid construction.
You drop it a dozen times.
it'll still shoot straight.
Yeah. yeah. I hear you. man.
Here's the thing.
- Uh. my friend Bill over there...
- Yeah?
...he's already got that one.
and I want a gun that's gonna make his
one look like a Super Soaker.
- Ah.
- So...
- That one. I want that one.
- You sure? [stammers]
It's gonna set you back $9.000.
I got a nice Christmas bonus
at Morgan Stanley.
Okay.
[exhales]
[grunts] You know.
this is way more firepower
than anything you need
hunting around here.
Oh. yeah? What do you hunt?
Me? I don't anymore.
I haven't killed any animals
since I was a teenager.
Look at you. Saint. uh. Jim.
Yeah. I'll take it.
Not a problem.
Just gonna need some ID
for the federal background check.
Dude. really? [scoffs]
How long you been working here?
Mm. a couple years.
That's me. up on the wall.
I was on Fred Senior's
Little League team when I was six.
- Nice.
- [man 6] Yo. Matt!
- We need this stuff?
- [Matt] No. no.
I got a ton of that in my dad's mud room.
Speaking of my dad.
he bought me my first rifle
in this very store when I was ten.
- [computer beeps]
- [Dexter sighs]
What the actual fuck. man?
[Dexter] It happens sometimes.
It's just a 24-hour hold
while the FBI checks on your record.
So. same time tomorrow?
Well. dude. just sell me the gun.
[Dexter] I gotta follow procedure.
Neither of us want Fred
to lose his business. right?
Oh. yeah. Oh. okay. Eagle Scout.
- [scoffs]
- [Dexter laughs]
You know. you break a rule.
sometimes you might even
have a little fun.
[inhales. exhales]
Oh. fuck it. Whatever.
Means I get to start drinking earlier.
- Taking this though.
- Okay.
- Gotta keep your guard up. dude!
- Whoa!
- Damn it! Matt. I almost shit myself.
- [laughing]
[man 6] So fucking...
[Matt] Come on. let's get out of here.
Let's get our swerve on!
First round's on you.
Thanks for shopping at Fred's Fish & Game.
Jim.
[door closes]
[inhales deeply]
♪ somber music playing ♪
[door opens]
Jim. I heard a red flag
came up on Matt Caldwell.
Seems like trouble follows
Caldwell the Lesser wherever he goes.
There really are no secrets in this town.
[gasps] Ange is in a meeting.
[Angela speaking indistinctly]
[door opens]
Hey. Teddy. How you feeling?
- [mumbles] Been better.
- [door opens]
Jim. Jim. Jim. Jim.
can you give me a hand with these?
Evidence from
the Congregational church theft.
Keeping Iron Lake safe one pie at a time.
- [chuckles]
- You're welcome very much.
Logan. you've known Matt since forever.
what do you think he could have done
to flag the FBI on a gun background check?
He tried to buy a rifle at Fred's.
I'm sure it's just a formality.
These pies smell amazing.
[Logan] Matt Caldwell's a good guy.
Kicking some major ass on Wall Street.
I mean. he likes to hang. drink. gamble.
fight or two in high school.
But. no. yeah. he's a good guy.
I bet it was that boat crash out in Ohio.
No. no way. Matt wasn't even driving.
- Five people died.
- [Teddy] Shit.
[Logan]
Matt was in the hospital for weeks.
Shattered femur. major surgery.
That whole thing was just
a really tragic accident.
In fact. I bet his record is spotless.
[keys clacking]
Okay. maybe a few spots.
Is there any progress
on putting up that stop sign
over by Louis's Package Store?
[Dexter inhales]
- That's an accident waiting to happen.
- [door opens]
- [Dexter] That's all I'm saying.
- [Angela] Thanks for your time. Dennis.
I will let you know
if anything else turns up.
Sure thing.
See ya. folks.
- [exhales] So. no good. huh?
- The same as always.
No body. no pattern. no case.
And no funding.
Until one of these women turns up dead.
Hey. my money's on you.
Line dancing tonight?
What time?
- Oh.
- [Logan] Oh.
I thought it was more
of a-a group thing. My bad.
You two have fun.
- See you tonight.
- Bye.
♪ lighthearted music playing ♪
- [car door opens. closes]
- [Angela] Sorry.
Mad dash. Thought you'd appreciate
seeing your girlfriend
in something
other than a state-issued uniform.
- [chuckles] You look cute in that uniform.
- [inhales. exhales]
That's why I like you. Jim Lindsay.
["Heart of Glass" by Blondie playing]
♪ Once I had a love and it was a gas ♪
- [indistinct chatter. laughter]
- ♪ Soon turned out had a heart of glass ♪
- ♪ Seemed like the real thing ♪
- Aw. Esther.
She never misses a chance
to break out that rhinestone skirt.
♪ Mistrust. love's gone behind ♪
I'm gonna get you that drink.
[woman speaking in Spanish]
[Ramon speaking in Spanish]
- What's up. Jim?
- Hey. Ramon.
You're working on a school night?
School has finals all week.
Ergo. I don't have to grade anything.
So. picking up some extra shifts
- before the holidays.
- Got it.
Chivas. rocks. IPA.
and a veggie nachos?
- Am I that predictable?
- Wanna shake it up?
- I got a pickleback special.
- [chuckles] No.
We're good. Uh. just put it on my tab.
No need. Matt Caldwell's
buying everyone a round.
Yo. it's Jim! Jim!
Jim! Jim! Jim! Jim! Jim!
Jim! Jim! Jim! Jim! [laughing]
Put it on my tab anyway.
Okay. Chivas. rocks. IPA. nachos.
Yeah. [exhales]
- Chug. Give me the fucking bottle.
- [exhales]
Last thing that guy needs is more liquor.
Or more firepower.
You know the messed up part?
FBI gets backed up
and half the flags clear automatically.
People fall through the cracks
all the time.
- [laughing]
- [Matt] Oh. I fucked it up!
You're off the clock.
Let's not talk about work.
Let's dance.
Can't let Esther and Alan show us up.
♪ Lost inside ♪
- ♪ Adorable illusion ♪
- Ooh.
- Yeah. [chuckles]
- ♪ And I cannot hide ♪
♪ I'm the one you're using ♪
- Yeah. [laughs]
- ♪ Please don't push me aside ♪
- [Angela laughing]
- ♪ We could've made it cruising. yeah ♪
[music stops]
[truck engine rumbling]
[brakes hiss]
[driver] Iron Lake's about two miles
that way. my man.
♪ suspenseful music playing ♪
[brakes hiss]
[engine rumbling]
- ♪ In your mind ♪
- [chuckles softly]
♪ A secret waits inside ♪
[Angela woos. laughs]
♪ A place that you can't find ♪
[Matt] Jim!
Look at you. getting all extracurricular
on a Tuesday night.
- Now we're talkin'. [chuckles]
- Hey. Matt.
I'm having a party tomorrow
at my dad's place. You should come.
I'll. uh... see.
Great.
Hey. listen.
I was thinking.
Why don't we get out of here?
You could open up your shop.
give me that rifle.
My guys and I.
we wanna go hunting in the morning.
If your background check clears.
you can come and pick it up
at the store in the morning. [exhales]
I'm sure your buds
are gonna be really impressed
with the size of your gun.
♪ club music playing ♪
[laughing]
Man. This Eagle Scout loves his rules!
- Eh...
- [Matt] You know what?
Why don't you come to the party anyway?
You never know.
Maybe you'll even enjoy yourself.
[men laughing]
♪ Find a way somehow ♪
Girlfriend's a cop. huh?
Should probably come stag.
There's gonna be a lot of red flags there.
if you know what I mean.
♪ Release me to the night ♪
♪ Oh. oh ♪
How much is a plain burger.
without cheese or anything?
- Seven-fifty.
- What if I don't get fries?
Doesn't come with fries. honey.
Hey. Tess. Put it on my tab.
Fries. too.
Are you sure. ma'am?
I'm extra sure
if you don't call me "ma'am."
[chuckles softly] You got it.
Thanks. Seriously.
You're not from around here.
Taking the first bus out tomorrow.
Just gotta make sure I got the fare.
Just take this.
Just in case.
And if you need a place to stay tonight.
Desiree over there.
she runs a shelter just down the road.
I'm good. But wow.
Thanks.
♪ club music continues ♪
- [inhales]
- Who was that?
Lost kid.
My brand of community outreach.
Besides. who checks
my petty cash vouchers?
Mm. that'd be me.
That was kind of you.
[men chattering. laughing]
Hey. you wanna get out of here?
You can pull me over
by the old Solly farm.
- Mm.
- [phone chimes]
- [sighs]
- Uh. it's my smart doorbell.
[Angela]
Audrey's got way too many kids over.
Oh. aren't you glad
they didn't have these things
when we were younger?
You better believe it.
Time to be a mom.
- Okay.
- Even... when you're off the clock.
you're on the clock.
Mmm.
[indistinct chatter]
- No. seriously.
- Uh. wait. wait.
Uh. take that one.
[men laughing]
[whispers] All right.
[music playing faintly]
[train passing in distance]
- [inhales sharply] Mmm.
- [train whistle blowing]
♪ suspenseful music playing ♪
[panting]
[panting continues]
[raven cawing]
Beautiful.
[panting continues]
- [Dexter sniffles]
- [rustling]
♪ suspenseful music playing ♪
[breathing heavily]
[sizzling]
I have the feeling I'm being watched.
And I have a feeling you're letting
this Matt prick get to you. brother.
It's been almost ten years.
- [sizzling continues]
- Stick to your routine.
[inhales. exhales] You're right.
Routine. routine. routine.
[inhales deeply. exhales]
["Haunted When the Minutes Drag"
by Love and Rockets playing]
♪ The word that would
best describe this feeling ♪
♪ Would be "haunted" ♪
♪ I touch the clothes you left behind ♪
♪ That still retain
your shape and lines ♪
♪ Still haunted ♪
♪ I trace the outline of your eyes ♪
♪ We're in the mirror hypnotized ♪
♪ I'm haunted ♪
♪ I find a solitary hair ♪
♪ Gone and still I reminisce ♪
♪ I'm haunted ♪
♪ Haunted by your soul ♪
All right.
I got you a couple options.
- What do you think?
- Orange.
The good stuff.
Oh. Hey. Jim. how much d...
[toy squeaking]
- Lunch. [exhales]
- [music stops]
[toy squeaking continues]
[drums beating]
[students] Drilling is killing!
[man] Louder!
[students] Save the planet!
Shame on you!
Save the planet!
Drilling is killing!
[drums beating continue]
Shame on you!
Drilling is killing!
Save the planet!
Shame on you!
Drilling is killing!
- Save the planet!
- Wait. what is all this?
Everyone's favorite
petro-billionaire decided
to close down the Tavern
for his annual board meeting.
My tuna sandwich is in there.
- Poor baby.
- [students] Save the planet!
- [Angela] Audrey?
- [students] Shame on you!
Excuse me. don't you have a test today?
What good's math if people like
Edward Olsen destroy the planet?
Well. I know that someone isn't getting
their tuna sandwich anytime soon.
[students] Shame on you!
- Drilling is killing!
- [drums beating continue]
- [students] Shame on you!
- Thank you. everyone.
for waiting so patiently.
Sorry. my meeting ran long.
We brought you some. uh. cocoa
to warm you up.
Please. enjoy.
It's encouraging to see young people
with such gusto.
I mean that.
You keep fighting
for what you believe in. guys.
That's what makes
this country great. right?
- [students] Save the planet!
- [drums beating]
[students] Shame on you!
Drilling is killing!
Save the planet!
Shame on you!
Drilling is killing!
Save the planet!
Shame on you!
Hey. Jim!
[footsteps approaching]
Matt Caldwell's been cleared.
He wants the gun dropped off
at his dad's lodge.
Should we really sell him that gun?
Nine grand? Uh. yeah. [chuckles softly]
- It's called commerce. I'm into it.
- Right.
Plus. Matt's dad's been a real friend
to us for years. so...
I'm not comfortable delivering the gun.
Can't you do it?
Brian and I are picking up Garfield.
Yeah. I lost the name battle.
Happy husband. happy life.
[chuckles]
Jimmy. I really need you
to deliver this gun.
[sighs]
♪ rap music playing in the distance ♪
- [engine stops]
- [sighs] Shit.
A big party.
- ♪ You know the drill ♪
- ♪ And I'ma drip. I'ma spit ♪
♪ You know I got the toolie
on a 100-can bouill-ion ♪
♪ I don't even use the AC... ♪
No way. He really made you
bring that thing here?
Man. that guy always has to one-up me.
♪ Text back. she all alone... ♪
Bill. Uh. I was with Matt at the store.
Right.
I just have some. uh. paperwork for him.
Come on. Yo.
Actually. I just need a signature.
then I'm out of here. [sighs]
I don't know why Matt throws
these things. [sniffs]
He always ends up holed up
in. uh. some bedroom anyways.
- [knocking]
- Yo! It's me.
- [woman moaning]
- Whoa.
Sorry.
- My bad.
- [woman moaning continues]
Uh. do you think maybe he could
just pop out for a minute or...
- Fuck this.
- [Matt moaning]
I need a straightener.
[Matt and woman laughing]
Come on. man. get in here.
[Matt and woman moaning]
- [Bill sniffs]
- [Matt laughing]
[Matt chuckling]
[woman moaning. laughing]
[Bill sniffing]
- Uh. no. I'm good. thanks.
- [woman moaning continues]
I brought her here. you know that?
Of course she ends up with him.
- It's always the fucking same.
- [Matt laughing]
- Okay. [sighs]
- [Bill sniffing]
You know what they call me?
- Bill?
- Dickface.
- Oh.
- Because of the scar.
- Oh. yeah.
- Looks like a dick.
You know who never gets laid?
- Dickface.
- Bingo.
- You gonna finish this or what?
- [Matt and woman moaning]
No. Actually. I think I'm just gonna...
I never should've gotten
on that fucking boat!
- ♪ You know the drill ♪
♪ ominous music playing ♪
You talking about that accident?
I told Matt to stop.
What do you mean you told Matt?
He wasn't driving.
- [Matt moaning]
- Right.
That's right. [sniffs]
[sniffing]
You know what?
Fuck it and fuck him.
I-I covered for him. man.
I lied at my trial so...
so that he could go free
and-and bang my girlfriends? [scoffs]
I can't believe that I was... [inhales]
[Matt and woman moaning]
That two grand a week
and-and a goddamn Rolex
was worth taking the fall.
And his fucking dad had to sell
two fucking trucks to cover me
and those cops out in Ohio. [chuckles]
Hope it was worth it!
Well. if Matt was driving.
why didn't he stop?
Because he was playing chicken.
Except Matt was wasted.
- He hated that guy.
- [Matt laughing]
Lost half a mil on some deal
because of him.
- [woman moaning]
- You wanna know the worst part?
Uh. not really.
[Bill] The other guy gave up.
Turned the boat away. Totally yielded.
And Matt just drove
right fucking into him anyway.
- [Bill breathing heavily]
- [woman moans. laughs]
[screams]
- [Bill crying]
- [Matt grunting]
[Bill sniffles. inhales deeply]
- [woman moaning]
- [Matt grunting]
Hey. Uh...
this all stays between us. huh?
See. I-I really need that two grand
a week. [chuckles softly]
You're looking at the guy
where secrets go to die.
[chuckles softly]
♪ rap music playing ♪
[exhales] What the fuck
are you doing to me?
♪ I'm-a get it right now ♪
[door opens]
Oh. God. Mr. Lindsay.
Please don't tell my dad.
I won't. Becca. if you leave right now.
My man Jim!
Oh. you bring that gun? [exhales]
You want a hit?
No. thanks. Uh. just need a signature.
Oh. come on. Life is short. dude.
♪ tense music playing ♪
Uh. cash or check?
A check?
What is this. 1985?
Relax. I already Venmo'd Fred.
Ah. Okay.
Uh...
"The owner is prohibited
from operating the weapon
- while intoxicated..."
- Little late for that.
Uh...
Mm.
Oh-ho!
Oh. sweetheart. At last...
you are mine.
[laughing] Oh!
♪ tense music continues ♪
[Matt] You all right. Jim?
Jim?
♪ rap music playing ♪
Thanks for shopping at Fred's Fish & Game.
[engine stops]
[sniffs]
♪ suspenseful music playing ♪
[rustling]
[breathing heavily]
What the hell are you doing?
A-Are you Dexter Morgan?
It's me. Harrison.
[gasps]
- Harrison?
- [Deb] You can't.
Everyone close to you dies.
That's why we're here.
I don't know who you're talking about.
B-But...
But y-you look just like I remember.
Just have one of those faces. I guess.
[breathing heavily]
If you don't want me. fucking say it.
Doakes. [breathes heavily]
LaGuerta.
Rita.
[gasps]
♪ suspenseful music continues ♪
Me.
[breathing heavily]
[shudders] Everyone.
Sorry. I'm not the guy you're looking for.
[gulps. exhales] But if-if you wanna
maybe try the town shelter.
it's right on Main Street.
I know the owner. Desiree.
Just tell her Jim Lindsay sent you
and she'll take you in.
Whatever you decide. I'm not gonna...
[chuckles]
...report you or anything.
- [ax thuds]
- You seem like a good kid.
So...
- Um... [exhales]
- [bills rustling]
The next bus out of town
is. uh. tomorrow night.
It's 7:45.
I hope you find
whoever you're looking for.
[wind blowing]
[door closes]
♪ soft music playing ♪
You did the right thing.
He'll be safer with Hannah.
[Dexter exhales]
♪ soft music continues ♪
[fire crackling]
[door closes]
- [inhales]
- [metal clinks]
[rattling]
[grunts]
[sniffles]
[chain jangling]
[grunts. exhales]
[exhales]
♪ ominous music playing ♪
- [music stops]
- [gasps]
[Deb] It's okay.
I'm glad I went first. Dexter.
I hate to see you like this.
If you had died first.
I would have been lost
in the world without you.
[Deb scoffs]
- You're a changed man.
- [breathing heavily]
Almost ten years without a kill.
[exhales] And I love you for it.
[panting]
[panting continues]
["All Right" by Sigur Rós playing]
[Dexter breathing heavily]
[breathing heavily]
♪ I want him ♪
♪ To know? ♪
♪ What I have done ♪
♪ I want him ♪
Please. please. please. please. please.
♪ It's bad ♪
[breathing heavily]
♪ I want him ♪
♪ To know ♪
♪ What I have done ♪
[deer snorting]
♪ I want him ♪
♪ To know ♪
♪ Right now ♪
[shudders]
♪ Maybe ♪
♪ It's time ♪
♪ Tomorrow ♪
♪ Or maybe ♪
- [gunshot]
- [deer bellowing]
[gasps]
[deer whimpering]
[Matt woos. laughs] Yes!
Bagged me a white fucking buck!
You see that. man?
Holy shit. I almost tagged you. dude.
[Matt chuckling]
Check this out.
You see what I did there. uh. Jim?
[Dexter grunts]
♪ ominous music playing ♪
[breathing heavily]
[inhales deeply]
[Dexter] It's been a long time.
But if I'm gonna do this.
I need to do it right.
[Dexter sniffs]
First rule of the code...
don't get caught.
[Dexter grunts]
[breathing heavily]
[inhales deeply]
♪ bright. energetic music playing ♪
[grunts]
[music stops]
[Dexter breathing heavily]
[Dexter exhales]
Sorry about the mess.
I'm out of practice.
[inhales. exhales]
Uh...
[inhales]
Huh?
- [inhales deeply]
- [metal clanging]
What the fuck. dude?
[Matt grunting]
What...
Hey. Don't bother struggling.
I'm no Eagle Scout.
but I do know my knots.
What are you doing?
Let's talk about what you did.
[scoffs] You mean the deer?
He didn't do anything wrong.
He was perfect.
He didn't deserve that.
But as bad as that was.
that's not the worst thing you've done.
You're fucking crazy. man.
- Arguably. but not the point.
- Then what is?
Tell me what you did!
Own it.
Or?
- [ghoulish noise]
- [gasps]
[Dexter chuckles]
[breathing heavily]
Or I'll fucking kill you.
What. you're just gonna fucking execute me
or some shit like that?
- Wouldn't be the first time.
- You think you can get away
with that?
Again. not the first time.
Wait. you...
you're a serial killer?
I was.
But. you know what. you're right.
Who are we fucking kidding?
It's not so much that I was.
[breathing heavily] It's that I am.
Okay. okay. okay. okay. Um...
This is about the boat. right? Hmm?
Yeah. the part where you were driving.
the part where the other guy yielded.
the part where you rammed him anyway.
the part where five people died
because of you!
All right. all right! Huh.
I did everything you said on the boat.
okay? It's true.
I admit it. I was wrong.
I was wrong! Just please. please...
You shot my deer!
And you almost... killed... me!
I promise! I promise.
I will never do anything like it again.
[stammering] I swear to you.
I promised the same thing
and look at me now.
Wait! Wait. wait. wait. wait!
You don't understand! It's not my fault!
It's not my fault!
[sobbing] Okay?
My mom died when I was eight!
My dad. he was never around.
He was always working!
[stammering] I had...
I had a shitty childhood. okay?
You're blaming this on bad parenting?
[Matt] It's true. It's not my fault. okay?
I didn't have anyone.
I had... I had nothing.
I had no compass. I-I was just...
You know. I lost both my parents
when I was young. too.
[breathing heavily]
I wouldn't have had any direction
if it wasn't for Harry.
Who's Harry?
He adopted me.
Then you understand. You get it.
So you're not gonna kill me!
We're past the point of no return
on that one.
You know what?
Fuck you. man!
My dad. he is gonna destroy you!
He knows everybody in this town.
They love him.
They would do anything for him.
And when he finds out what you did to me.
he is gonna find you
and he is gonna rain down
a world of pain on you. man!
You have no idea what you're doing!
Like you said. life is short... dude.
[Matt groans]
[breathing heavily]
- [exhales]
- [Dexter] Tonight's the night.
♪ pulsing. tense music playing ♪
Hello. Dexter Morgan.
[phone buzzing]
[inhales deeply] Hey. you.
[Angela] I thought you were coming
to the Christmas Tree Festival.
Fox got in the henhouse.
It's kind of a mess here.
- Oh. Sorry.
- [bell jingling]
Well. we'll miss you.
See you tomorrow?
You bet. Can't wait.
So... no Jim.
I'm sorry.
[inhales]
[Dexter] I don't need trophies anymore.
I may be a monster.
but I'm an evolving monster.
♪ God rest ye merry gentlemen ♪
♪ Let nothing you dismay ♪
- ♪ Remember Christ our Savior ♪
- What to do with you?
- ♪ Was born on Christmas Day ♪
- [inhales. exhales]
♪ To save us all ♪
[Dexter] Not exactly Miami Bay.
but it does have a hole in it.
- ♪ Gone astray. oh ♪
- [saw buzzing]
♪ Tidings of comfort and joy ♪
♪ Comfort and joy ♪
♪ Oh. tidings ♪
♪ Of comfort and joy ♪
[Deb] What the fuck are you doing?
- ♪ Now to the Lord sing praises ♪
- Not listening to you.
♪ All you within this place ♪
♪ And with true love and brotherhood ♪
♪ Each other now embrace ♪
♪ This holy tide of Christmas
doth bring... ♪
[Dexter] My life has always been...
truth-adjacent.
♪ Of comfort and joy ♪
[Dexter] But starting now.
there will be one less lie.
♪ Oh. tidings of comfort ♪
♪ And joy ♪
- [brakes hiss]
- [engine stops]
[bus door opens]
[woman 1] That's nice.
- [woman 2] Got the tickets?
- [woman 3] Here. I got them.
[woman 2] Yeah.
[man 1] We make a stop in Albany. right?
[man 2] Uh. yeah. yeah. Yeah.
- [man 1] Go ahead.
- [man 2] No. no.
♪ somber music playing ♪
I thought you might need this.
You know. after Miami...
could never get used to this damn cold.
[inhales deeply. exhales]
I thought you didn't know me.
[scoffs]
[inhales]
You were right.
I'm Dexter Morgan.
Your father.
[breathing heavily]
Come home.
Please.
♪ somber music continues ♪
- [engine stops]
- [music fades]
[dog barking in the distance]
[Dexter] My father protected me.
taught me.
kept me alive.
And that's exactly
what I'm going to do for my son.
♪ low. ominous music playing ♪
[door closes]
♪ somber music playing ♪
♪ somber music continues ♪
[music fades]